Who needs to marry this woman with such a lazy person?
The president of this horse manager and October
There is a bit of a group relationship
And I usually like to flirt in the company
Pretty female employee
October is arrogant at the company again
Everyone is suffering and dare not speak
What's your background?
Who was promoted?
His father and a shareholder of the head office
A little happy
I know.
Thank you, Sang Chen
What's polite between us?
Why are you angry?
No, I already told you
I really have nothing to do with him
We are just ordinary friends
If it were really my boyfriend
Don't you have to fight as soon as you meet?
What is your relationship with him?
I've probably guessed it.
I'm angry
Failed to protect you
I'm fine.
Xiaoyan, why does your husband chase her?
I've been standing behind you for so many years
You have never pitied my father
I'm sorry why I got your love